what's up YouTube today is the day
you've all been waiting for or at least
I've been waiting for
there's only 313 pairs in the world and
I actually have one in my size brand new
with the t-shirt no more stories let's
just show you the
we start off from the front of the toe
we have the lyrics lasered in these are
from mm notepad the scribbles on
scribbles is Larry some 40 mix of songs
going through the side panel
towards the back of the shoe on the side
we have the crocodile like skin texture
same again they are lasered in on over
here also one of the ones that pops out
shady Slim Shady
rotten responses
on the back of the shoe we have the
three one three that's the Detroit zip
code and that's also how many pairs
species that or creator for the world we
have these like shutters in the back
just like the easy two of the easy twos
are more bigger and more perplexed the
white eyelets with the black laces
also the laser ring of his lyrics in
along with that same crocodile textured
material of course that is his logo
Eminem's logo so it's a really cool
effect for the shoe
the front total issue I forgot to
mention we have a nice really really
nice quality gray suede this is not new
buck I believe it's a lot more smooth
and it's a lot more defined you can see
that color changing when you go when you
rub your fingers across it so it's
definitely not new book it's more of a
suede read hit with a Jordan logo or the
Jordan lettering
box level reads air drawn to retro size
10 and a half black stealth varsity read
retail was an amazing 110 dollars which
is nowhere near the price that go for
now they go for 20 times that easily so
shout outs to everyone that caught them
for 110 when they came out way I am with
their minds lyrics just like the
lasering on the head Jordan too
it's also got the Jordan logo on the
bottom